this is how i do it
(serves 5+)
Prepare prawn stock
Prepare paste
Combine
Prepare chilli
 
Preparing the stock
Deshell 400gm of prawns (fucken ex)
Throw the shells and head and legs into 1.1litre of water in a pot

This will be ur stock. 0.1litre evaporation allowance.
Bring to a boil, leave to simmer on extreme low temp.
 
Preparing the paste
Blend if u have a blender if not u know how i do it the manual way(damn 
hardcore, will sweat one)? Tomato ketchup bottle in a small pot poundage. 

Blending rox btw. If ur pounding the finer u pound the more flavor
 
ok.. Blend or Pound into a paste
6 garlic pods (meaning not 6 full garlics)
15 shallots (small is fine, the whole deal about laksa is shallots and prawn 

flavour)
10 dried chillis (broken up and soaked till soft b4 mashing)
3 lemon grass (tender inner stem only, the rest throw into final soup for 
flair)
1 thumbs length fresh tumeric ( powder form won't suffice. check the asian 

shops for exotic spices)
1 thumbs length galangal  (blue ginger. Prob hard 2 find in melb, i dunno. 
google it for more info)
10 candlenuts (gd luck finding this)
k blend this all into a paste and set aside

 
prepare 4 tablespoons of dried shrimp (chop finely and set aside)
2 table spoons of coriander seeds (toast on small fire they burn quick and 
then pound)
1 tablespoon of belachan (slice thinly and toast in alu foil) (shrimp paste 

comes in a brick most times, do not buy rojak paste)
 
ok combination
fry the paste in low heat with 6 tablespoons of oil
be patient and fry for like 15mins
until colour changes from bright orange to rusty brown.

at this stage throw in the toasted belachan, finely chopped dried shrimp and 
coriander seeds
fry for another 5mins
add shrimp stock (1l preboiled by u just now)
and 600ml of fresh coconut milk (if u can pull off fresh is better but im 

guessing u'll get cans, trident brand maybe?)
let it simmer on low heat for like 10mins
then add salt (to taste, i reccomend 2 tablespoons)
and 1 tablespoon gula melaka (palm sugar, gg finding this . use brown sugar 

if all else fails)
With that ur gravy should be ready as it boils it'll get thicker due to 
evaporation (duh) add water as u see fit (duh)
 
Lastly Chilli (im not pro at this)
Blend 15 dried red chillis

2 candle nuts
10 shallots
fry in 2 tablespoons of oil
add tamarind pulp juice ( u buy tamarind paste and add water and strain the 
juice out) i dunno exactly how much but u can add slowly until u get the 
right consistancy same with the next ingredient

1-2 tablespoons palm sugar
 
mats required
20 large prawns or 400gms worth
6 garlic pods (meaning not 6 full garlics)
25shallots (small is fine, the whole deal about laksa is shallots and prawn 
flavour)

25 dried chillis (broken up and soaked until soft b4 mashing)
3 lemon grass (tender inner stem only, the rest throw into final soup for 
flair)
1 thumbs length fresh tumeric ( powder form won't suffice. check the asian 

shops for exotic spices)
1 thumbs length galangal  (blue ginger. Prob hard 2 find in melb, i dunno. 
google it for more info)
12candlenuts (gd luck finding this)
4 tablespoons of dried shrimp (chop finely and set aside)

2 table spoons of coriander seeds (toast on small fire they burn quick and 
then pound)
1 tablespoon of belachan (slice thinly and toast in alu foil) (shrimp paste 
comes in a brick most times, do not buy rojak paste)

Some tamarind paste
palm sugar
oil
salt
600ml coconut milk
 
Condiments
taugeh
Laksa leaves (google english name)
tau pok (the laksa sponge)
prawns u already have from the stock
egg (optional)

cockles (i know u'll leave this one out)
fish cake
